SMIME Messaging - decrypt message fails with polish chars (#13745)
demisto/content: Packs/SMIME_Messaging/ReleaseNotes/1_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### SMIME Messaging

> - Fixed an issue when encoded fails to use UTF-8 encoding. 
> - Added **encoding** argument to ***smime-decrypt-email-body*** command which enable to choose which encoding to use when decode the message body.
> - Updated Docker image to *demisto/m2crypto:1.0.0.23290*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when encoding failed to use UTF-8 encoding. 
- Added the **encoding** argument to the ***smime-decrypt-email-body*** command which enable to choose which encoding to use when decoding the message body.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/m2crypto:1.0.0.23290*.
```
